hey everyone don't be too back another
commentary and this is the map
interchange pretty short tutorial let's
start off you can be nice head glitch
through over that truck pretty nice seen
people camp there pretty good amount of
time so if you want to cover Bay it's a
good spot to go down also you can get on
this little wall jump over a lot of
times they spawn back there and then
little alley near any you come over to
the side of the map jump on top of this
tire or something over here take
invisible or something I know you're
jumping on but pretty nice spot pretty
nice head lice you can crouch cover this
side is even seen a few seconds I tend
to the left and you can cover this side
over here a lot of times they spawn back
there if you want to get a nice jump
shot no school across the map is one
come to the back of that same truck
really nice head glitch with the back of
this car on big whatever so as you can
see and see them I usually come over
there MA and you can just shoot them
over that truck you're going to know
this is like a little shortcut go
through this car and come right out on
that side what's a good place to hide
we'll see you come over to the side it's
near a good news today edge around this
corner have a nice little shot down that
hallway because they always come from
over there or if you're attacking sayur
some reason on this side of it shoot him
between the front of the chalk on the
back and pretty nice spot responding in
the back I'm saying and over here you
can shoot through this window but a lot
of your um damage is going to be
decreased as you can see over here and
come shoot through these two windows
barely to get any damage three in either
these spots and i'm not using impact but
if you did maybe we get some kills but
your damage is really decreased once you
come back here see it's hard to see
through if you're far away
care then if you come up close and look
right through and it's a one hit one
shot headshot thought impact so it might
be a one shot body shot with him back so
that's the whole video see you guys next
time like the video subscribe guy bye